As you can see above a single strain of the Flu will eventually die out like any other virus, but that is not consistent with our
own experience. As the name suggests, seasonal flu does not die out and it remains endemic to nearly the entire world. This is 
due to the seasonal Flu finding  its strength not in a high R_0 or a long incubation period but in sheer variety. 

Though only caused by three main families of the influenza virus, it is estimated that there are thousands of individual strains 
of Influenza A, the most common family, and a slightly smaller amount for strains B and C. Thanks to the Flu's endemic nature, 
each strain is constantly changing, making them difficult to pin down by vaccines. Any time someone is infected with a strain, 
each individual virus in the person's body has a chance to mutate its structure through random motion. Most of these 
mutations will be useless or harmful to the virus, but occasionally they will create a new version that can spread just as 
quickly, but are not recognized by our body's immune system. It is through this process that new strains are made and it's 
why a new Flu vaccine must be developed every year. 

With the Flu being a mainstay in modern life, it is easy to grow dismissive of the virus's danger. It is important to remember 
that it can be deadly on a large scale, especially in areas with poor sanitation and health care. In 2015, an especially 
dangerous strain of Influenza A killed 4000 people in Madagascar, most of whom were children under five. 

Despite there being seemingly no chance of ending our battle with influenza, it is important to take each new flu vaccine that 
is developed. Being vaccinated against the latest strains can greatly reduce the health risks that the Flu would have on you. 
It also greatly decreases your chances of spreading the disease to others, and generally decreases the number of people to get 
the disease every year. This is particularly important as it lowers the chances of existing influenza strains mutating into new 
ones.
